earlier
watch cluster on tv channel
and testimony
most expensive secret was taken in kgk
So
in memory of what we experienced
wanted to win
cod wave flag
which is our most serious
achievements and if memories remaining on
this planet for the last three days
macaw
crowns
completed the first research
human
the apparatus which we flew is reflected
does shine
to all mankind
light peak contract opens space
true i am article 7 minutes 22 seconds
orbital just guess
I often alapaevskiy district of the People's Republic of Kyrgyzstan
falcons 5 times
last six years and only after that
theater them
response to the fee run the program
return
what
it's just
control center of Kiev council
Shekel culture
however the situation is different
Polykarpov
Well, it became
to become an outpost of humanity our
first besides this prevented the area
space exploration
I personally saw the land and saw
all humanity is completely new
prospects m
4 3 2 1 ignition
negative
we leave the hit than incredibly
beautiful nude all artificial
craters moon surface
we were there we saw what it was
hard we fly home where we lived by
face value true on this planet we
have left
our city by selected abode and
I had a little home
but still we leave it quickly and
feeling himself
burned out with whom we torture and gave land
a few days ago
the goalkeeper repelled the team's ball
Mikhail Markelov and analysis 33 to docking
from the orbital station
it did not say Kuzmuk party wants
manage this thing output on the end
the countdown of fourteen center I said g.
captain danilkin of course may not
like so
he had a lot to do and bath
from the negative side I never have this
don't know not even visible
on the screen of Gagarin
it's easier to hide the fact that if before
4 6 times
I'm glad to hear that you come home
feel
what about
criminal captain returning his
country ship
we flew home now we
heading
in the direction of Kiev
fabrics
l am feeling involving
all the same due to 4 3
years five as we went to
swimming is therefore quite rare
exceeds
we can and acquire new knowledge and
and again win new rights and rights
the sick must be conquered trust
be acquired for the progress of everything
of humanity
across the field into frames
national agency for
space research
now men and women who
died
over the years of his life space exploration
for six months one union one union 2 challenger
and if we go time and i start
believe producer director capital
equals 14 subconscious
level all the fact that it will pour out as
it was lookin back to earth 105 4
turned bodies and rites turned into
USA
but also here in space montage all records
the composer wandered and now when i look
but the third is abstract
Romantic Ossetia is absolutely real
arch thing
the stars are my home
up to 1
at
Yes Yes
oracle
date
n
but in
you
Prices
So
his percentage
Orlova
at
the eagle